Perpetual Parenting Platform
============================

A game for two to be played on half a [Kekyboardio Model 01][model01] each,
about parents, kids, and their daily lives. A game inspired by life, created for
a very special occasion. The two players are the `Parent` (on the left half),
and the `Baby` (on the right one), the former forever chasing the latter.

 [model01]: https://shop.keyboard.io/

The Playing Field
-----------------

The top row of the keyboard displays vital stats for both `Baby` and `Parent`.
For the `Baby`, it will show the amount of milk they drank, or if none, the
hunger level. For the `Parent`, their row will show their caffeine level, or
lacking that, their stress level.

Our players will be displayed on the bottom row, second column from the left.
Unless they jump, of course, because they can be a row or two higher,
temporarily.

Obstacles will scroll in on the bottom row and the one before. Collectables can
appear in any of the three rows. Poop will be placed on the bottom row only, no
matter how big a pile it is.

The Baby
--------

The goal of the `Baby` is to drink bottles of milk, to poop, to avoid obstacles,
and sometimes cheer their parent. They can only poop if they have milk
collected, trying to poop otherwise will increase their hunger level
significantly. If their hunger-level reaches the end of the row, the `Baby` will
break down crying, and will not be able to drink, nor poop, nor cheer their
parent. To get out of this state, the parent will have to feed them.

When they have milk in their system, they can poop anytime. One poop consumes
one bottle of milk. If the milk level reaches the end of the row, picking up
another will induce a big pile of poo, that consumes all milk, and makes the
`Baby` cry, requiring comfort from their parent.

Failing to pick up a bottle will make it harder for the parent, as they'll have
to avoid it, along with any other obstacles. Obstacles need to be jumped over,
otherwise the `Baby` will poop, loose a bottle of milk, and cry. This cry can
wind down, however, unlike the others, by waiting a little, and jumping over the
obstacle.

The Parent
----------

The goal of the `Parent` is to pick up all poop, while not losing their minds.
Because picking things up requires energy, the `Parent` can only pick up poop if
they are adequately caffeinated, and one poop will consume one level of
caffeine. If the `Parent` is over-caffeinated, they will go in an overdrive and
fall asleep. They will need cheering from the `Baby` to wake up.

If they are under-caffeinated, their stress level will increase. Once that
reaches the end of the row, they'll have a nervous breakdown, and will need
cheering from the `Baby` to snap out of it.

Running into obstacles hurt, and consume one level of caffeine (or increase
stress level by one). But unlike the `Baby`, the `Parent` will get through the
obstacle nevertheless, without having to retry.

Failing to pick up poop will consume two levels of caffeine, because it's
stressful.

Controls
--------

The game is controlled with the thumb arc and the palm keys. Which key does what
is not yet decided.

License
-------

The code is released under the terms of the GNU GPL, version 3 or later. See the
COPYING file for details.
